README.md, before:

# comment_strip.r
Comment Strip for Ruby

[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/comment_strip-ruby.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/rb/comment_strip-ruby)

## Introduction

T.B.C.

## Table of Contents

1. [Introduction](#introduction)
2. [Installation](#installation)
3. [Components](#components)
4. [Project Information](#project-information)

## Installation

Install directly:

```bash
$ gem install comment_strip-ruby
```

or add it to your `Gemfile`:

```plaintext
gem 'comment_strip-ruby'
```

## Components

T.B.C.

## Examples

It is as simple as the following:

```Ruby
require 'comment_strip'

stripped = CommentStrip.strip($stdin.read, :C)

puts "Stripped form of input:\n#{stripped}"
```


## Project Information

### Where to get help

[GitHub Page](https://github.com/synesissoftware/comment_strip.r "GitHub Page")

### Contribution guidelines

Defect reports, feature requests, and pull requests are welcome on https://github.com/synesissoftware/comment_strip.r.

### Related projects

T.B.C.

### License

**comment_strip.r** is released under the 3-clause BSD license. See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for details.

Commit message:

0.2.0 : Merged branch 'hash_line' into 'master'
Squashed commit of the following:

commit 0c0115b39dde539a81ad69cd1bad2b7d63d6128b
Author: Matt Wilson <matthew@synesis.com.au>
Date:   Sun Mar 31 16:08:02 2024 +1100

    + added `:hash_line` language-family support

commit 97754bec2e56fb4b47ab217f7c6b35eb6644de59
Author: Matt Wilson <matthew@synesis.com.au>
Date:   Sun Mar 31 14:41:40 2024 +1100

    ~ tidying `LanguageFamilies::C#strip()`

commit 17777ba1fbc7a2cee79b6618a7924c92e63b43d7
Author: Matt Wilson <matthew@synesis.com.au>
Date:   Sat Mar 30 15:48:29 2024 +1100

    ~ preparatory mods

commit b380653b3de483dc17492f281ec4868d58b650c3
Author: Matt Wilson <matthew.wilson@analyticotrading.com>
Date:   Fri Dec 1 19:46:18 2023 +1100

    ~ preparatory refactoring

README.md, after:

# comment_strip.r
Comment Strip for Ruby

[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/comment_strip-ruby.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/rb/comment_strip-ruby)

## Introduction

T.B.C.

## Table of Contents

1. [Introduction](#introduction)
2. [Installation](#installation)
3. [Components](#components)
4. [Project Information](#project-information)

## Installation

Install directly:

```bash
$ gem install comment_strip-ruby
```

or add it to your `Gemfile`:

```plaintext
gem 'comment_strip-ruby'
```

## Components

Current version supports following language families:

* `'C'` - C-family languages, recognising `//` line and `/* . . . */` block comments;
* `'Hash_Line'` - Generic support for `#` line comments, as found in shell scripts and languages such as **Perl**, **Python**, and **Ruby**. Does _NOT_ (yet) provide any language-specific smarts such as she-bang comments and directive comments;
## Examples

It is as simple as the following:

```Ruby
require 'comment_strip'

stripped = CommentStrip.strip($stdin.read, :C)

puts "Stripped form of input:\n#{stripped}"
```


## Project Information

### Where to get help

[GitHub Page](https://github.com/synesissoftware/comment_strip.r "GitHub Page")

### Contribution guidelines

Defect reports, feature requests, and pull requests are welcome on https://github.com/synesissoftware/comment_strip.r.

### Related projects

T.B.C.

### License

**comment_strip.r** is released under the 3-clause BSD license. See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for details.
